40 million
50 million
60 million
One hundred million
Xu Feng, are you crazy?
This necklace is worth 50 million
Xu Feng, don't think you're amazing sitting in the front
It's useless to get close to a woman
Can you afford that?
Find the wind, don't put your simp there
A hundred million can't make up for selling your whole family
Who are these people?
How dare you be disrespectful to Mr. Xu
He is Zhao Tianhua, the young master of the Zhao family
The woman next to him pestered his girlfriend Guo Jing
It was the two of them who framed Xu Xian back then
Unbearable guilt
That was him at the door just now
Persuade Xu Xianzhuan
The army called for them to be taken down
Just one question.
One hundred million goes home
Damn this one billion yuan
Is it something that a waste like you can handle?
Xu Gong
This auction is about getting your legs broken
Are you ready to crawl out?